5 4 3 2 1 0
grating isn't that a great Legion this
is massive accidents yeah today I'm
gonna be bringing to you mario world
daddy exceed it's been a while since I
played a creepypasta game so I figured
why not play another one and this
doesn't seem like one of those shitty
creepypasta games like adventure time
that exe minions dot exe or super mario
daddy exceed just to name a few of those
games were freaking awful this one seems
pretty decent I've seen a few
screenshots of it and it looks pretty
good so I thought unites might enjoy it
but there's only one way to know if it's
good enough and it's the play and so
without further ado I'm gonna start this
and disclose this beautiful picture of
Dean Ambrose believe in the titty master
alright let's start this Nintendo
presents No ok that was sort of a
jump-scare I guess and I've been told
that I need to wait here for something
to happen in the intro some sort of
easter egg if you will so I I usually I
miss every single Easter eggs in the
games I play but this one I'm not gonna
miss it we're getting something we're
getting something are we gonna get
something secret oh you can barely see
me by the way that the lighting is
really shit here
are you trying to give me the spooks
because that won't work although it's
working a bit it's definitely eerie
that's for sure oh well there you go was
that the Easter egg count down here
countdown all right I which level am I
gonna go with it doesn't seem like I can
choose I cannot use WASD or the arrow
keys guess I just gotta go with this one
um sorry we go Super Mario World one of
my favorite games of all time now if I
could just jump that would make it even
better but it doesn't seem like i can
jump sucks for me I guess and here we go
with the static again that seems to be a
recurring thing in this game a lot of
static should have been named static
daddy exceeding know
uh can I go back if I go back isn't
gonna come back to normal or in no you
know what I'm just gonna go forward and
so far it's pretty cool I do like the
effects to static and everything game is
definitely eerie yeah ah again doesn't
seem like I couldn't move but Jesus
Christ game is getting incredibly creepy
again this this is sort of a classic
this song always blaze in the
creepypasta games and now I'm not
controlling anything Mario's just
walking by himself hell's going on here
that Yoshi okay ooh am I supposed to
click something are we supposed to just
look at the course of Yoshi look at
what's going on e Jesus Christ know that
this is a pretty decent cream Vesta
games I I really like what the Creator
did all right can I jump if I'm if I'm
gonna get this this music no dear I I
need a jump so I mashing every key on my
keyboard but oh I thought away Richie
what happened to the region is it Jay
should I go there if I found out I found
a way to jump though not sure what that
person is saying
I'm sure there's a story behind this and
oh my god right it was speared right
through the dick that's gonna hurt Jesus
Christ poor Bowser but here you go Oh
pitch right through the fucking ass
Jesus Christ who did this why are you
did you do this you sick twisted bastard
even killed himself and what was Luigi
to culprit here is he the one behind all
this game by resident evil fan lover
great game great game i'm sure there's
there's a story behind all of this idea
by anonymous I i do like yum i do like
it thanks for playing it's definitely a
lot better than the adventure time buddy
exceeded see the jump scare still aren't
gonna get me but I I liked it I i think
it was really original i like the ideas
um i'm just gonna see the game joke page
if there's a little bit of a story
that's provided because that would be
interesting to see that so just give me
a sec I'm gonna look the games old page
here um and not a lot of people played
this based on a creepypasta there you go
so was based on ah yes are there you go
so it was based on this creepypasta well
I'm gonna link the video in the
description if you guys want to know a
little bit more about this this this
game here I enjoy it I don't know if
some of you guys are maybe not gonna
enjoy this as much as i did but try it
for yourself let me know what do you
think in the comments section and yeah
if you want to watch the video know a
little bit more about this game and the
story behind it definitely watch the
video i'm gonna link it in the
description for you guys and now seeing
what if i do the ex that was pretty cool
the jump-scares didn't get me though cuz
i'm used to it I've seen jumpscares like
that for about three years
now so it just doesn't faze me anymore
so that's just me so anyway make sure
like oh and Shan subscribe to jean de
Grey later and I'll see what I do next
already set that so anyway Deadpool is
there by the way I've got a new Deadpool
poster with arlequin and super smash
brothers and finalists of Freddy's
that's pretty awesome i changed the
horrible posters i had there it was just
shitty so i changed everything anyway go
where she go so and with that as always
take it away